Update S3 & Azure docs for SM (#33888)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/storage_management/amazon_s3.md

       {{< img src="integrations/guide/storage_monitoring/enable-inventory.png" alt="Select buckets for enabling Storage Monitoring" responsive="true">}}

   3. Complete the inventory configuration in Datadog. The first inventory report may take up to 24 hours to generate.

   4. Navigate to **S3** > **Destination bucket** > **Permissions** > **Bucket policy**. Add or update the bucket policy on the destination bucket to allow the S3 service (`s3.amazonaws.com`) to write inventory objects from the source bucket(s). 

      Use the following **example bucket policy** to allow S3 to write inventory files to your destination bucket. 

>       You can copy and adapt this example for your use: replace `<DESTINATION_BUCKET>`, `<DESTINATION_PREFIX>` (optional), and `<ACCOUNT_ID>` with your actual bucket name, bucket prefix, and AWS account ID. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Use the following example bucket policy to allow S3 to write inventory files to your destination bucket. Replace `<DESTINATION_BUCKET>`, `<DESTINATION_PREFIX>` (optional), and `<ACCOUNT_ID>` with your actual bucket name, bucket prefix, and AWS account ID. 
```

### Troubleshooting

If you don't see data for buckets you set up for Storage Management:

>    - Check **Storage Management** > **Amazon S3** > **Enable Buckets** for any errors:

Reviewer: Can we add a link to the Enable Buckets page?

        
      - **IAM Role(s) Lacking Permissions**: Ensure `s3:GetObject` and `s3:ListBucket` permissions for the destination buckets are set on the Datadog AWS Integration Role. Verify all S3-related permissions are granted as part of [Resource Collection][2].
        

>       - **Problem reading inventory**: Ensure the destination bucket policy allows S3 to write inventory files. See [Example Bucket Policy][5]. Note: This error may also appear if the first inventory file has not yet been generated (takes up to 24 hours) or if the buckets you are enabling are empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Problem reading inventory**: Ensure the destination bucket policy allows S3 to write inventory files. See [Example Bucket Policy][5]. **Note**: This error may also appear if the first inventory file has not yet been generated (takes up to 24 hours) or if the buckets you are enabling are empty.
```

      
   - If you're still encountering issues, [contact Datadog][1].

> ## Visualize granular usage with new metrics

Reviewer: Can we use something more specific than "new"? Maybe "inventory metrics" or "prefix-level metrics"? 

```suggestion
## Visualize granular S3 usage with inventory metrics
```

| aws.s3.inventory.total_prefix_size                          | `bucketname`, `prefix`, `region`, `storagetype`, `extension`, `delete_marker`, `is_latest`                               | Total amount of data, in bytes, stored in a prefix.                                                                                                                                                                             |
| aws.s3.inventory.average_prefix_size                        | `bucketname`, `prefix`, `region`                                 | Average object size, in bytes, for objects in a prefix.                                                                                                                                                                         |
| aws.s3.inventory.prefix_object_count                        | `bucketname`, `prefix`, `region`, `storagetype`, `extension`, `delete_marker`, `is_latest`                               | The total number of objects stored in a prefix.                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | aws.s3.inventory.prefix_object_count.levels                 | `bucketname`, `prefix0`, `prefix1`, `prefix2`... `region`, `storagetype`, `extension`, `delete_marker`                        | Object counts aggregated to hierarchical prefix levels, used for treemap visualizations.                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: I wonder if we can do something like `prefixN`* and then have a note under the table that `N` can be `0`, `1`, etc -- just to tighten up the table a smidge.

| `aws.s3.inventory.total_prefix_size.levels`                 | `bucketname`, `prefix0`, `prefix1`, `prefix2`... `region`, `storagetype`, `extension`, `delete_marker`                        | Used for treemap visualizations: size aggregated to hierarchical prefix levels.                                                                                                                              |
| `aws.s3.inventory.prefix_age_days`                            | `bucketname`, `prefix`, `region`                               | Age in days of oldest object in bucket/prefix.                                                                                                                                                   |
| `aws.s3.inventory.access_logs.total_requests_by_method`       | `bucketname`, `prefix`, `region`, `method` | Number of requests for objects in a prefix, optionally split by request method (e.g., GET, PUT).                                                                                                                            |

> | `aws.s3.inventory.access_logs.request_latency_by_method`      | `bucketname`, `prefix`, `region`, `method` | The time taken by the server to respond to requests in a prefix, optionally split by request method.                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `aws.s3.inventory.access_logs.total_requests_by_method`       | `bucketname`, `prefix`, `region`, `method` | Total number of requests for objects in a prefix, optionally split by request method (for example, GET or PUT).                                                                                                                            |
| `aws.s3.inventory.access_logs.request_latency_by_method`      | `bucketname`, `prefix`, `region`, `method` | Server response time for requests in a prefix, optionally split by request method.                                                                                                                      |
```

| aws.s3.inventory.total_prefix_size.levels              | `bucketname`, `prefixN*`, `region`, `storagetype`, `extension`, `delete_marker`               | Prefix size aggregated to hierarchical prefix levels, used for treemap visualizations.                                                         |
| aws.s3.inventory.prefix_age_days                       | `bucketname`, `prefix`, `region`                                                              | Age, in days, of the oldest object in the bucket or prefix.                                                                                    |
| aws.s3.inventory.access_logs.total_requests_by_method  | `bucketname`, `prefix`, `region`, `method`                                                    | Total number of requests for objects in a prefix, optionally split by request method (for example, GET or PUT). Requires S3 Access Logs in Datadog.   |

> | aws.s3.inventory.access_logs.request_latency_by_method | `bucketname`, `prefix`, `region`, `method`                                                    | Server response time for requests in a prefix, optionally split by request method. Requires S3 Access Logs in Datadog.                          |

Author: Only some!

>   *`prefixN` refers to prefix levels such as `prefix0`, `prefix1`, `prefix2`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *`prefixN` refers to prefix levels such as `prefix0`, `prefix1`, `prefix2`, and so on.
```
